{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg10000\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f6\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000500000000000000}Courier;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Calibri;}{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Cambria;}{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f6\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02000500000000000000}Courier;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Calibri;}{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \froman\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Cambria;}{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs24\alang1033 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs24\alang1033 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2127526\rsid2588322\rsid13379287}{\mmathPr\mmathFont0\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef0\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mwrapRight0\mintLim0\mnaryLim0}{\info{\operator Eelco}{\creatim\yr2014\mo12\dy5\hr11\min27}{\revtim\yr2014\mo12\dy5\hr12\min8}{\version2}{\edmins30}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords1972}{\nofchars11243}{\nofcharsws13807}{\vern33153}{\*\saveprevpict}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect \ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale150\rsidroot2127526 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs24\alang1033 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af6 \ltrch\fcs0 \f6\cf1\insrsid2127526 ===========================================================================\par                             ESOP15 Review #51A\par                      Updated 11 Nov 2014 1:27:10pm EST\par ---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par                   Paper #51: A Theory of Name Resolution\par ---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par \par                       Overall merit: 4. Strong accept -- I will champion\par                                         this paper\par                  Reviewer expertise: 4. Expert\par \par                       ===== Comments for author =====\par \par A general theory of how variable references in programs refer to declarations, including the complications of modules and imports.  A particular graph formalism is presented, and the idea is that particular languages should have elaborators from their syntax into these graphs.  Then general inference rules, algorithms, etc., apply, to map each variable reference to the set of declarations it might point to.  (A reference is intentionally allowed to be ambiguous, e.g. for use in IDEs to explain erroneous programs.)  The authors present their formalism as the theoretical basis for a toolchain for language implementation, though the connection to their actual tools has not yet been worked out fully; but eventually this basis is meant to underly automatic generation of interpreters, compilers, IDEs, mechanized semantics, etc., from single source files.  The generality of the approach is supported by working through examples in the contexts of toy languages.\par \par The big idea of the paper strikes me as compelling.  A variety of general formalizations of name binding have been proposed, but they tend to punt on module import, even though that pattern is important in most full-scale programming languages.  I like the idea of, once and for all, fixing the general structure of binding in this class of languages, supporting automatic tool generation after writing some language-specific elaboration code.  The theory doesn't quite have the elegance of, say, the lambda calculus, but it grew on me while reading through the paper.  The presentation is very good, with an appropriate mix of examples and formal definitions.  Thus, I recommend acceptance.\par \par What can we find to complain about in the paper?  I see two issues of roughly equal importance.\par \par > First, the theory has not yet been connected fully to any implementation of a meta-level tool or any full-scale object language.  The design of the formalism is fairly subtle, so in some sense we should have more realistic "test cases" showing that it was done right.\par \par **********\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af6 \ltrch\fcs0 \f6\cf1\insrsid13379287 We certainly agree that this is an initial design that may require validation and refinement. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af6 \ltrch\fcs0 \f6\cf1\insrsid2127526 Our previous experiments with applying NaBL give us some confidence in the design of the framework in the paper. But we will indeed need to validate the theory through a re-implementation of NaBL based on the resolution calculus in this paper.\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af6 \ltrch\fcs0 \f6\insrsid2127526 **********}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af6 \ltrch\fcs0 \f6\cf1\insrsid2127526 \par \par Second, this is a fairly "opinionated" design, in that sense that one particular regime of binding, imports, etc. is hardcoded into the formalism.  The authors certainly acknowledge as much, arguing that their paradigm matches many widely used languages, and I think they're probably right.  Still, especially in concert with the last objection, it's hard not to worry about just how broad this formalism turns out to be.\par \par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af6 \ltrch\fcs0 \f6\insrsid2127526 **********\par While the lexical scoping regime is indeed hardcoded into the formalism, some parametrization is also introduced through the well-formedness predicate and specificity ordering on paths. These parameters allows to tune the formalism to represent different policies (e.g. transitive or non transitive imports)\par **********\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af6 \ltrch\fcs0 \f6\cf1\insrsid2127526 \par Even with those concerns, I believe the paper is a good match for ESOP.  It should stimulate thought and discussion on an important aspect of PL implementation, which is far too often reimplemented from scratch for each new language, unbacked by any general theory.\par \par My next two comments are phrased as questions, but I don't actually view them as essential for the authors to address in their response.\par \par On page 4, you write that the binding pattern of classic lambdas is simple, but the patterns for ML-style "let" and Java-style local variable definitions are not.  You write that, in the latter cases, the scope of a binder is not just subtrees of the node introducing the binder, or a "contiguous region."  However, isn't it easy to represent "let" with nodes like Let(x1, value1, Let(x2, value2, body)) instead of [Let(x1, value1), Let(x2, value2), body]?  In that case, I see no deep difference from simple lambdas.  (And it is already standard to represent "let" that way in mechanized semantics.)\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrdot\brdrw60\brsp20 \wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af6 \ltrch\fcs0 \f6\cf1\insrsid2127526 \par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af6 \ltrch\fcs0 \f6\cf1\insrsid2588322 <use Cheney\rquote s terminology here>}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af6 \ltrch\fcs0 \f6\cf1\insrsid2127526 \par We only meant that in non recursive let, e.g. let(x,value,body), the \u8220\'d2x\u8221\'d3 variable that is defined is only bound in the \u8220\'d2body\u8221\'d3 and not in the \u8220\'d2value\u8221\'d3 subterm thus is defined in a non-continuous region. It is indeed possible to reaarange the AST as Let(value,<x>body) (see for example Cheney: Toward a General Theory of Names, Binding and Scope) but we want to avoid modifying the AST structure only for name binding concerns.\par **********\par \par Do you imagine a future NaBL exposing a way to tweak the definitions of the well-formed-path and path-specifity relations, in the style you demonstrate in the paper to shape the semantics of name resolution?  There would be interesting questions there in details of meta-language syntax and semantics, plus how to optimize the name resolution process when starting from declarative descriptions of those relations.\par \par **********\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af6 \ltrch\fcs0 \f6\cf1\insrsid2127526 Yes, this model is supposed to be a step towards a new NaBL that will not only encode the generation of the scope graph from the AST but also allow to parametrize the resolution through the well-formedness and path ordering predicates.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af6 \ltrch\fcs0 \f6\cf1\insrsid2588322 \par \par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af6 \ltrch\fcs0 \f6\cf1\insrsid2588322 Or perhaps including more variation in the framework by means of flags on, for example, import to }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af6 \ltrch\fcs0 \f6\cf1\insrsid2127526 \par **********\par \par I can't claim to have checked the proof sketches from this paper in detail.  It would be nice to have a mechanized proof.\par \par Negation slashes over "exists" seem off-center throughout the paper.\par \par Figure 1, definition of "G": I'm not sure this is quite the right way to phrase it formally.  You seem just to be defining "G" as a synonym for the set of all scopes that could exist platonically, and the use of a set comprehension seems roundabout.\par \par Page 8, "OCAML" is properly capitalized as "OCaml".\par \par Page 14, "Reachability policies defines" should be "define".\par \par Page 20, "Then using definition" missing "the"?\par \par Page 21, "can not contain" should be "cannot contain".\par \par Page 23, "modulo with respect to the alpha-equivalence": "modulo" and "with respect to" seem redundant.\par \par Page 24, "and prove the correspondence" should use "proving".\par \par ===========================================================================\par                             ESOP15 Review #51B\par                      Updated 1 Dec 2014 10:13:14am EST\par ---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par                   Paper #51: A Theory of Name Resolution\par ---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par \par                       Overall merit: 4. Strong accept -- I will champion\par                                         this paper\par                  Reviewer expertise: 3. Knowledgeable\par \par                       ===== Comments for author =====\par \par This paper presents a language independent theory of scoping based on a notion of scope graphs, and resolution paths. The formalism allows to express a wide variety of scoping constructs (including module imports) with different semantics, and is amenable to a nice abstract representation. A strong point in favor of the proposed calculus is that is can describe ill-formed programs and ambiguous resolutions, which are fundamental for the calculus to be a proper foundation for language engineering workbenches and IDEs. The work is in fact a post-hoc attempt to formalize the underlying mechanisms of a working DSL to describe name bindings in Spoofax.\par \par I find this paper very interesting and I can see how the formalism supports the objectives of the authors. The illustration of semantic variations, and how to develop alpha-equivalence and renaming based on the calculus are convincing. On the practical side, the calculus has a natural feel, the diagrams are clear and intuitive, so it seems appropriate from many perspectives. The calculus makes it possible to enlighten various semantic issues, such as the different strategies to deal with module imports. \par Another strong point is that the variants discussed in the paper do not affect the calculus itself, but only require to tweak some parameters (the WF predicate, and ordering on paths). The presentation of a deterministic and terminating algorithm for computing resolutions paves the way to practical implementations (even though the focus on this paper is definitely on the theoretical side of things).\par \par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af6 \ltrch\fcs0 \f6\cf1\insrsid2127526 To improve the paper, it would be better to clarify upfront that the model is mostly aimed at describing a broad range of lexically-scoped languages, and not wilder scoping approaches, such as dynamic scoping, Javascript's with, Racket's first-class namespaces, Ancona's "Reconciling positional and nominal binding" (ITRS'12), Tanter's scoping strategies ("Beyond static and dynamic scope", DLS'09), Dezani et al unbind/rebind ("Extending the lambda-calculus with unbind and rebind", TIA'11), etc. This does not reduce the value of the current proposal (and in fact raises interesting perspectives regarding the applicability of the calculus in these challenging settings), but would help focus the expectations of the reader.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af6 \ltrch\fcs0 \f6\cf1\insrsid2588322 \par \par *****\line We will clarify the range of languages that we aspire to model.\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af6 \ltrch\fcs0 \f6\cf1\insrsid2588322 *****}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af6 \ltrch\fcs0 \f6\cf1\insrsid2127526 \par \par Even regarding lexically-scoped mechanisms, the coverage argument is done with rather simple examples. I would have liked to see a more challenging setting like Scala or Newspeak (mixin composition of traits, nested classes/objects, etc). Here I suspect lies something that will not fit in the "we can tweak only WF/ordering and leave the calculus untouched". The reason is that there is a limitation baked in the definition of scope graphs (Fig 1), which assumes only one parent. Why insist on this restriction? In particular, it forces the treatment of inheritance to be quite simplistic, ignoring multiple inheritance. The discussion of inheritance also misses super and field shadowing, which seem relevant to assess the applicability of the calculus in this context.\par \par *******\par (Not sure we should respond but\u8230\'c9) Applying this formalism to complete languages is indeed left for future work. \par The limitation to one parent might not be fundamental and can maybe be dropped, however the inheritance mechanism is not modeled through the parent relation but with the imports, e.g. A inherits from B and C then the scope of A contains 2 imports for B and C.\par *******\par \par Details:\par \par p2 "the the realm"\par    "use-def" not introduced \par \par p7 "resolution paths for variables a,b, and c." -> and d\par \par p16 The text suggests that the connection between classes and modules is a realization of this paper, while there are several papers on exploiting classes as a module mechanism (family polymorphism, virtual classes, Scala, Newspeak, etc.). Some rephrasing and references would be welcome.\par \par p23 "the precise characterization of capture in our general setting is complex" -> can you give a hint at why is complexity expected?\par \par p24 paragraph on language engineering related work misses a comparison part (for now just descriptive)\par \par bib "In icfp" -> several crossrefs not resolved\par \par ===========================================================================\par                             ESOP15 Review #51C\par                      Updated 4 Dec 2014 5:28:32am EST\par ---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par                   Paper #51: A Theory of Name Resolution\par ---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par \par                       Overall merit: 4. Strong accept -- I will champion\par                                         this paper\par                  Reviewer expertise: 4. Expert\par \par                       ===== Comments for author =====\par \par Name resolution is a subtle issue in many programming languages that combine module mechanisms and nested scopes, and more complicated in OO languages or functional languages where inheritance and let binders add complexity.\par \par This paper presents an abstract models of variables with scopes, nesting and module import, that allows a language or tool designer to formally specify the name resolution rules of a programming language. The model represents each code region that is characterized by the same set of variables being \lquote in scope\rquote  \endash  here called \lquote a scope\rquote  -  as one node in a graph, and every variable definition or reference is also a node. Paths in the graph are used to define the visibility rules.\par \par The model is very interesting and quite different from the standard approaches. First of all, it is quite simple and represent the issue at the correct level of abstraction, with no unnecessary details. And, most importantly, differently from other formal models, the model construction does not require any name resolution nor does it require the code itself to respect any form of well-formedness of the variable references: one may first build the model, and then use it in order to decide which variable  occurrences are not in scope of their definition, and which are ambiguous.\par \par This is a very nice paper. It gives a new approach to an old problem that is often neglected, the model is convincing, and the paper is very well written.\par \par }{\*\themedata 504b0304140006000800000021001b898e1bfe0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cf6ac3300cc6ef83bd83f175244e77186324e961ed6efb73e81e40384a6296c8c6564bfbf653d216c62885c12e0659d2f7fd2495cbfd38a81dc6e43c557a91175a2159df38ea2afdb979c91eb54a0cd4c0e0092b7dc0a497f5ed4db939044c4aba2955ba670e4fc624dbe30829f7014932ad8f23b084b13301ec177468ee8be2c1584f8cc4194f1aba2e57d8c27660b5decbf79144dab57a3ed64d5695861006678105d44c595397ef021e5d83ea0322bfc128558605017fbe8bfcbad68e9a5fc0996f5b67b1f1763b0a663e4bdefdc5f31548868dffe37c123b035c5856c4215dd9d685094fe7c8a573de68ea5d48670733dfb6fe060000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021009d5c8bbe10070000871d0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6cec594f6f1b4514bf23f11d467b6f13274e9a4475aad8b109b469a3d82dea71bc3bf64e33bbb39a1927f10db547242444411ca8c48d03022ab51297f269024550a47e05deccecae77e271e39400153487d63bfb7b6fdefbbd3ff367af5e3b4e183a2442529e3682dae5c5009134e4114d878de076af73692d4052e134c28ca7a4118c890cae6dbefbce55bca162921004f2a9dcc08d20562adb585890210c63799967248577032e12ace0510c1722818f406fc2169616175717124cd300a53801b5b706031a12d4d32a83cd42799bc163aaa41e0899e86ad5c49130d8e8a0a611722c5b4ca043cc1a01cc13f1a31e39560162582a78d10816cd5fb0b07975016fe4424ccd90adc875cc5f2e970b44074b664e31ec9793d63af5f52bdba57e03606a1ad76eb75bed5aa9cf00701882a7d696aace7a67add62c745640f6e7b4eed6e2ca62ddc557f42f4fd9bcde6c3657d6735bac5203b23feb53f8b5c5d5fad6928337208b5f99c2d79b5badd6aa8337208b5f9dc277aeacafd65dbc01c58ca60753681dd04e27d75e42069ced78e16b005f5bcce113146443995d7a8a014fd5ac5c4bf03d2e3a00d04086154d911a67648043c8e21666b42fa89e006f105c796387423935a4e742321434538de0830c43454cf4bd7cf6ddcb674fd0c9fda727f77f3c79f0e0e4fe0f569123b583d36155eac5379ffef1e823f4fb93af5f3cfcdc8f9755fc2fdf7ffcf34f9ff981503e13739e7ff1f8d7a78f9f7ff9c96fdf3ef4c0b704ee57e13d9a10896e9223b4cf1370ccb0e25a4efae27c12bd18d3aac4563a9438c57a168ffeb68a1df4cd3166d8836b1297c13b02da870ff8dee89e637037162395c7dbf1ec7a9c38c05dce59930b2f0bd7f55c159a7ba374e89f5c8caab87d8c0f7d73b770eac4b73dcaa06f529fca564c1c33f7184e151e929428a4dff103423c7cdda5d4e1759786824b3e50e82e454d4cbd94f468dfc9a689d00e4d202e639f81106f879bdd3ba8c999cfeb6d72e822a12a30f318df23cca1f13d3c5238f1a9ece1845509bf8155ec33b23b166115d7960a223d248ca37644a4f4c9dc12e06f25e8d7a175f8c3becbc6898b148a1ef874dec09c5791dbfca015e324f361bb348dabd8f7e501a428467b5cf9e0bbdcad10fd0c71c0e9cc70dfa1c409f7d9dde0361d3a264d1244bf19091d4b68d54e074e68faaa769c4037ceddb9b8760c0df0f9578f3c99f5a636e22d20c157093ba7daef2cdce9a6dbe222a26f7ecfddc6a3748f409a4f2f3c6f5beedb961bfce75beeac7a9eb7d14e7a2bb45dbdbdb19b62b3454e66ee900794b1ae1a3372439a4db2847522eac0a09633a743529e98b2187ee67dddc10d0536324870f521557137c6196cb06b81563294b9eaa144199770b033c35edd1a0f9b74658f852bfac060fb81c46a97477678590f17e782528d596d86e6f0594cb4ac15cc3bd9f2955c29b8fd3a93d5b45173cf5633a69956e7cc56ba0c319c760d064b3661038260db022cafc2f95c4f0d0713cc48a479b76b6f11161385bf2744b9d7d6911847c486c819aeb05933b12b52c85c10404a7942773e364bd680b4b38d3069313b7fe624b95030215997dda96a6269b5b6588a8e1ac1facad24a80429c3582011c49e1679241d0a4deb26136847b9d50099bb567d6a229d289c7ebfeacaac12dc38c8271ca3813526d6319db189a5779a858aa67b2f62fadd475b25d8c0336515fc38ae53548917fcd0a08b51b5a3218905055835d19d1dcd9c7bc13f29122a21b4747a8cf46621f43f88153ed4f4425dc2c9882d60f700da6d936afdcde9a779aeae593c1d971ccb218e7dd525fa3141567e1a6de4a1bcc53c53cf0cd6bbb71eefcaee88abf2857aa69fc3f73452f0770d05f8e740442b8851518e97a6d045ca8984317ca621a7604acfba67740b6c0552abc06f2e12ed8fc2fc8a1fedfd69cd561ca1ace6b6a9f0e91a0b09ca85810b2076dc964df19ca6af9d26355b25c91c9a88ab932b366f7c921613ddd0357750f0e500ca96eba49de060cee74feb9cf7905f5877a8f52ad37a787944ba7ad817f7ae3628b199c3ab597d0f95bf05f9ae859fdacbc112fd6c8aa23fac56497542faac259fcd6d7f3a95ed3847916e0ca5a6b3bd694c74b2b857110c5698f61b0dccf64705d83f43fb0fe511132fb61412fa83dbe0fbd15c17702cb1f82acbea4bb1a64906e90f6571ff63d76d026935665a9cd773e9ab562b1bee08d6a39ef29b2b565f3c4fb9c64979b28773aa7162f92ec9c61876b3b36936a88ece91285a141710e3181315fa4aa1f8d78ff1e047a1baee747cc7e4692193c993ac8f684c9ae3e8fc6f94f26ed826bb34e9f613492a5fb648068745c9c3f4a266c09d94f19c516d9a0b5984eb45270d97768700573bc16b5ab6529bc74b67029616686965d0a9b1b329f02f89095376e7db403bc6db2d66b5d5c05532cfd2b94cd61bc9f32efc9675ecaec41f195817a0dcad4f1ab29cb9902f2a6130f3e450a0c4793aee9bfb0e8d84c3729bbf927000000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d00140006000800000021001b898e1bfe0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000002f0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000180200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021009d5c8bbe10070000871d00001600000000000000000000000000d50200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000190a00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000140b00000000}{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d61696e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax276\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority59 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010001000200000010000000584d4c2e5341585265616465722e3500000000000000000000060000d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff5200000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000002000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f000000000000000000000000fba37fd77b10d001feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000100010000000000}}